Update the databricks documentation (#15282)
DataDog/integrations-core: databricks/README.md

<div class="alert alert-info">Only workspace admins can manage global init scripts.</div>

Use the Databricks UI to edit the global init scripts:

1. Choose one of the following scripts to install the Agent on the driver or on the driver and worker nodes of the cluster.
2. Modify the script to suit your needs. For example, you can add tags or define a specific configuration for the integration.
3. Go to the Admin Settings and click the **Global Init Scripts** tab.
4. Click on the **+ Add** button.
5. Name the script, for example `Datadog init script` and then paste it in the **Script** field.
6. Click on the **Enabled** toggle to enable it.
7. Click on the **Add** button.

After these steps, any new cluster uses the script automatically. More information on global init scripts can be found in the [Databricks official documentation][16].

<div class="alert alert-info">You can define several init scripts and specify their order in the UI.</div>

<!-- xxx tabs xxx -->
<!-- xxx tab "Driver only" xxx -->
##### Install the Datadog Agent on driver

Install the Datadog Agent on the driver node of the cluster. 

> <div class="alert alert-warning">You need to define the value of the `DD_API_KEY` variable inside the script.</div>

Reviewer: nit:
After the whole coming soon issue we had with weaviate, torchserve and dcgm, I think that if we expect customer to look at these instructions in the tile, then we shouldn't use this div.

Author: Personal opinion: I do not really expect customers to look at the tile directly but rather use the documentation site because this is a tile only integration

Configure the Spark integration to monitor your Apache Spark Cluster on Databricks and collect system and Spark metrics.

Each script described below can be modified to suits your needs. For instance, you can:
- Add specific tags to your instances.
- Modify the Spark integration configuration.

<!-- partial
{{% site-region region="us,us3,us5,eu,gov,ap1" %}}
You can also define or modify environment variables with the cluster-scoped init script path using the UI, Databricks CLI, or invoking the Clusters API:
    - The `DD_API_KEY` environment variable to better identify your clusters.
    - The `DD_ENV` environment variable to better identify your clusters.
    - Set `DD_SITE` to your site: {{< region-param key="dd_site" code="true" >}}. Defaults to `datadoghq.com`
{{% /site-region %}}
partial -->

<div class="alert alert-warning">For security reasons, it's not recommended to define the `DD_API_KEY` environment in plain text directly in the UI. Instead, please use <a href="https://docs.databricks.com/en/security/secrets/index.html">Databricks secrets</a>.</div>

> #### Standard cluster

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```
Can we delete this heading since you removed the parallel section "Job cluster"? That way we can promote all of the headings up a level too. I added those suggestions below.

> ##### With a global init script

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### With a global init script
```

A global init script runs on every cluster created in your workspace. Global init scripts are useful when you want to enforce organization-wide library configurations or security screens. 

<div class="alert alert-info">Only workspace admins can manage global init script.</div>

Use the Databricks UI to edit the global init scripts:

> 1. Choose the script that suits your needs below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Choose one of the following scripts to install the Agent on the driver or on the driver and worker nodes of the cluster.
```

> 2. Modify it to your convenience. You can for instance add tags or define a specific configuration for the integration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Modify the script to suit your needs. For example, you can add tags or define a specific configuration for the integration.
```

> 3. Go to the Admin Settings and click the `Global Init Scripts` tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Go to the Admin Settings and click the **Global Init Scripts** tab.
```

> 4. Click on the `+ Add` button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. Click on the **+ Add** button.
```

> 5. Name the script, for instance `Datadog init script` and then paste it in the `Script` field.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. Name the script, for example `Datadog init script` and then paste it in the **Script** field.
```

> 6. Click on the `Enabled` toggle to enable it.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Click on the **Enabled** toggle to enable it.
```

> 7. Click on the `Add` button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. Click on the **Add** button.
```

> The script will then automatically be used for any new cluster. More information on global init scripts can be found in the [Databricks official documentation][16].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
After these steps, any new cluster uses the script automatically. More information on global init scripts can be found in the [Databricks official documentation][16].
```

<div class="alert alert-info">You can define several init scripts and specify their order in the UI.</div>

<!-- xxx tabs xxx -->
<!-- xxx tab "Driver only" xxx -->

> ##### Install the Datadog Agent on Driver

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
##### Install the Datadog Agent on driver
```
Matching sentence-case headings for similar sections.

Install the Datadog Agent on the driver node of the cluster. 

> <div class="alert alert-warning">You will need to define the value of the `DD_API_KEY` variable inside the script.</div>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<div class="alert alert-warning">You need to define the value of the `DD_API_KEY` variable inside the script.</div>
```

          name: new_log_start_with_date
          pattern: \d{2,4}[\-\/]\d{2,4}[\-\/]\d{2,4}.*" > /etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/spark.d/spark.yaml

    echo "Spark integration configured"
  fi

>   echo "Restart the agent"
>   sudo service datadog-agent restart

Reviewer: ```suggestion
echo "Restart the agent"
sudo service datadog-agent restart
```
Non blocking nit as well

        - type: multi_line
          name: new_log_start_with_date
          pattern: \d{2,4}[\-\/]\d{2,4}[\-\/]\d{2,4}.*" > /etc/datadog-agent/conf.d/spark.d/spark.yaml

>     echo "Spark integration configured"
>   else
>     echo "Installing Datadog Agent on the worker."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  echo "Spark integration configured"
else
  echo "Installing Datadog Agent on the worker."
```

  else
    echo "Installing Datadog Agent on the worker."

    # CONFIGURE HOST TAGS FOR WORKERS
    DD_TAGS="environment:\${DD_ENV}","databricks_cluster_id:\${DB_CLUSTER_ID}","databricks_cluster_name:\${DB_CLUSTER_NAME}","spark_host_ip:\${SPARK_LOCAL_IP}","spark_node:worker","databricks_instance_type:\${DB_INSTANCE_TYPE}","databricks_is_job_cluster:\${DB_IS_JOB_CLUSTER}"

    # INSTALL THE LATEST DATADOG AGENT 7 ON DRIVER AND WORKER NODES
    # CONFIGURE HOSTNAME EXPLICITLY IN datadog.yaml TO PREVENT AGENT FROM FAILING ON VERSION 7.40+
    # SEE https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent/issues/14152 FOR CHANGE
    DD_INSTALL_ONLY=true DD_API_KEY=\$DD_API_KEY DD_HOST_TAGS=\$DD_TAGS DD_HOSTNAME="\$(hostname | xargs)" bash -c "\$(curl -L https://s3.amazonaws.com/dd-agent/scripts/install_script_agent7.sh)"

    echo "Datadog Agent is installed"
  fi

  # Avoid conflicts on port 6062
  echo "process_config.expvar_port: 6063" >> /etc/datadog-agent/datadog.yaml

  echo "Restart the agent"
  sudo service datadog-agent restart
EOF

chmod a+x /tmp/start_datadog.sh
/tmp/start_datadog.sh >> /tmp/datadog_start.log 2>&1 & disown

```

<!-- xxz tab xxx -->
<!-- xxz tabs xxx -->

> ##### With a cluster-scoped init script 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### With a cluster-scoped init script 
```

Cluster-scoped init scripts are init scripts defined in a cluster configuration. Cluster-scoped init scripts apply to both clusters you create and those created to run jobs.

Use the Databricks UI to edit the cluster to run the init script:

> 1. Choose the script that suits your needs below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Choose one of the following scripts to install the Agent on the driver or on the driver and worker nodes of the cluster.
```

> 2. Modify it to your convenience. You can for instance add tags or define a specific configuration for the integration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
2. Modify the script to suit your needs. For example, you can add tags or define a specific configuration for the integration.
```

> 3. Save the script into your workspace with the `Workspace` menu on the left.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
3. Save the script into your workspace with the **Workspace** menu on the left.
```

> 4. On the cluster configuration page, click the `Advanced` options toggle.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
4. On the cluster configuration page, click the **Advanced** options toggle.
```

> 5. In the `Environment variables`, specify the `DD_API_KEY` environment variable and, optionally, the `DD_ENV` and the `DD_SITE` environment variables.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
5. In the **Environment variables**, specify the `DD_API_KEY` environment variable and, optionally, the `DD_ENV` and the `DD_SITE` environment variables.
```

> 6. Go to the `Init Scripts` tab.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
6. Go to the **Init Scripts** tab.
```

> 7. In the `Destination` drop-down, select the `Workspace` destination type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
7. In the **Destination** dropdown, select the `Workspace` destination type.
```

8. Specify a path to the init script.

> 9. Click on the `Add` button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
9. Click on the **Add** button.
```

> <div class="alert alert-info">If you stored your `datadog_init_script.sh` directly in the `Shared` workspace, can be accessed specifying the `/Shared/datadog_init_script.sh` path.</div>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you stored your `datadog_init_script.sh` directly in the `Shared` workspace, you can access the file at the following path: `/Shared/datadog_init_script.sh`.
```

> <div class="alert alert-info">If you stored your `datadog_init_script.sh` directly in a user workspace, the file will be accessible at the following path: `/Users/$EMAIL_ADDRESS/datadog_init_script.sh`.</div>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you stored your `datadog_init_script.sh` directly in a user workspace, you can access the file at the following path: `/Users/$EMAIL_ADDRESS/datadog_init_script.sh`.
```

    # CONFIGURE HOSTNAME EXPLICITLY IN datadog.yaml TO PREVENT AGENT FROM FAILING ON VERSION 7.40+
    # SEE https://github.com/DataDog/datadog-agent/issues/14152 FOR CHANGE
    DD_INSTALL_ONLY=true DD_API_KEY=\$DD_API_KEY DD_HOST_TAGS=\$DD_TAGS DD_HOSTNAME="\$(hostname | xargs)" bash -c "\$(curl -L https://s3.amazonaws.com/dd-agent/scripts/install_script_agent7.sh)"

    # WAIT FOR DATADOG AGENT TO BE INSTALLED
    while [ ! -f "/etc/datadog-agent/datadog.yaml" ]; do
      echo "Waiting 2 seconds for the Datadog Agent to be installed"
      sleep 2
    done

    echo "Datadog Agent is installed"
  fi

  # Avoid conflicts on port 6062
  echo "process_config.expvar_port: 6063" >> /etc/datadog-agent/datadog.yaml

  echo "Waiting 15 seconds"
  sleep 15

  echo "Restart the agent"
  sudo service datadog-agent restart
EOF

chmod a+x /tmp/start_datadog.sh
/tmp/start_datadog.sh >> /tmp/datadog_start.log 2>&1 & disown

```

<!-- xxz tab xxx -->
<!-- xxz tabs xxx -->

##### With a cluster-scoped init script 

Cluster-scoped init scripts are init scripts defined in a cluster configuration. Cluster-scoped init scripts apply to both clusters you create and those created to run jobs.

> Use the Databricks UI to edit the cluster to run the init script:

Reviewer: I wonder if it's worth adding the the navigation route to the UI basically Workspaces -> Shared or user specific folder.

Or even just mention Workspaces could be enough to give an idea where to go.

Author: We can add that!

Author: added
